Hahahaha, I didn't expect it.
There are still young people
Until I'm a bad old man
Hahahahaha, stop being stinky there.
How dare you call yourself a doctor?
I'm better than you with my eyes closed
Go go go go
You don't speak, no one treats you as dumb
I heard that the supper boy went down the mountain to seek a wife
Little beautiful woman can't be you
Hmm, supper, you kid can do it
Yan Fu is not shallow
No wonder you didn't come to see me after going down the mountain for so long
It turned out that he got a beautiful wife
Are you happy?
By the way, when are you going to steam a nest of supper?
He's just a prude
His words go in your left ear and out your right ear.
Well, I know you're still worried about Mr. Bai
I'm not sure I can cure him
So?
I'll show you this old prude
You should be able to rest assured with him around
Yunxiao thank you
There we go.
Xiao San is so beautiful
It's been so long. What happened to the medical report?
I don't know.
Hurry up at night
Dad, what's the matter with you?
Dad's second medical examination report is out